ReadMe.md, before:

# MockRequests

[![build status](https://travis-ci.org/D-Pow/MockRequests.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/D-Pow/MockRequests)
[![coverage status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/D-Pow/MockRequests/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/D-Pow/MockRequests?branch=master)
[![install size](https://packagephobia.now.sh/badge?p=mock-requests)](https://packagephobia.now.sh/result?p=mock-requests)

Mocks async requests with mock responses so you can continue
to use your requests/libraries without having to manually replace the
usage of async functions with mocks.

## Contents

* [Features](#features)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Examples](#examples)
    * [Static responses](#example-static)
    * [Dynamic responses](#example-dynamic)
* [Separating mocks from source](#separate-from-source)
* [MockRequests API](#api)
* [Final notes](#final-notes)
* [License](#license)

<a name="features"></a>
## Features

This library was made for the purpose of allowing developers to be able to
continue to write their code as normal even when their APIs are down, not set up yet, or
don't have internet at all.
In particular, most other network-mocking libraries are not user friendly in that they
**force users to re-write** their source code to use mocks and then **change it back later** in order
to use real network requests. This library differs from all the others in that it allows
you to continue writing code **as normal** while still using mock network activity.

Specific benefits provided by this library that aren't offered in others:
* You don't have to replace your usage of async calls with mocks.
This means no more replacing `fetch` with `Promise.resolve(desiredResponse)`!
* You don't have to do any painful configuration, such as running your own server, to host mock data.
This also means no need to change URLs from `website.com/api` to `localhost/api`.
* No confusing interfaces or multi-step procedures to getting started. Simply configure it *once* and you're good to go.
* This is designed to work along with third-party libraries, including [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios),
so they function as normal while still giving you the mocks you want.
* This can easily be used alongside `jest` for testing! As long as `fetch` and `XMLHttpRequest` are defined in
a test setup file, you can use this library as normal to mock all async responses.
* **Dynamically update mock responses** based on request payloads and the previous mock response object in order to
mimic back-end alterations of data.
* Configurable outside the src folder such that the **mock code isn't bundled with production code**.
* Customizable mock response resolution delay to **mimic natural network interactions**.

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation

Using npm (see the [npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mock-requests)):

`npm i -D mock-requests`

Using locally installed repo with git:

`git clone <this repo>`

package.json:

`"mock-requests": "file:<pathToCloneLocation>/MockRequests`

<a name="usage"></a>
## Usage

API docs can be viewed [here](https://d-pow.github.io/MockRequests/module-mock-requests-MockRequests.html).

This library wraps `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` with a wrapper that allows
for mock responses to be returned instead of actually making async requests.
If a URL is configured with a mock response, then `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` will
return the configured mock response when opened with that URL. Otherwise, when opened
with a URL that isn't configured with a mock response, the standard async request is made.

This was designed to be used in such a way that wherever you configure it, the entire app
experiences the effects. This means you could configure it in one file and then all files
that make async requests to those configured URLs will receive the mock responses instead,
even without importing `MockRequests`.

Furthermore, it is designed to be used specifically when some APIs are not functioning correctly
and mocks are necessary to replace those responses for continuing your work. In this regard,
it is also great to use when the back-end API is still being developed but you want to work on the
front-end, or when you don't have internet at all but still need to get work done.

This library also supports **dynamic responses** so that you can mimic the actions of your back-end
services. Simply add dynamic-update functions to your config and call `MockRequests`'s dynamic
configuration functions, and everything else flows as normal.

<a name="examples"></a>
## Examples

Note how in the below examples, the production-bound code doesn't change between
mocking and using network calls.

<a name="example-static"></a>
### Static responses

To configure global app usage of `MockRequests`, simply call `configure()` with an object containing URL-responseObject
mappings.

```javascript
const myApiUrl = 'https://mywebsite.com/api/vx/someApi';
const anotherUrl = '192.168.0.1';

// This is the only code you need to add to use this library
// Add in the file described by "Separating mocks from source
// code" below
import MockRequests from 'mock-requests';
MockRequests.configure({
    [myApiUrl]: { data: 'myJsonResponseObject' },
    [anotherUrl]: '<html>some other type of response</html>'
});

// ...source code

// Using your async requests.
// Note that this part DOESN'T CHANGE between using mocks and actual data
// from your service
const mockedHtmlResponse = await fetch(myApiUrl, {...configOptions})
                                .then(res => res.json());
useResponseContentAsNormal(mockedHtmlResponse);
```

Alternatively, you could configure URL-response content individually:

```javascript
const myApi = 'https://myotherapi.thatIforgotOriginally/api/vx/doStuff';

import MockRequests from 'mock-requests';
MockRequests.setMockUrlResponse(myApi, { data: 'myOtherResponse' });

// ...source code

const response = await fetch(myApi, {...whateverOptions});

useResponseContent(response);
```

In the event that some APIs are not functioning correctly but others are, you can configure
the non-functioning APIs using `MockRequests` and then leave the other APIs as-is for proper responses:

```javascript
const myNonFunctioningApi = 'https://myapi.com/api/vx/notFunctioningRightNow';
const myFunctioningApi = 'https://myapi.com/api/vx/isFunctioningProperly';

MockRequests.setMockUrlResponse(myNonFunctioningApi, { data: 'myOtherResponse' });

// ...

// Will receive mock
const mockedResponse = await fetch(myNonFunctioningApi, {...whateverOptions});
// Will receive actual API response
const realApiResponse = await fetch(myFunctioningApi, {...whateverOptions});

useResponseContent(mockedResponse);
useResponseContent(realApiResponse);
```

<a name="example-dynamic"></a>
### Dynamic responses

This library also supports dynamically updating your mocked APIs responses, so as to mimic actual
back-end systems. To utilize this feature, you'll need to call the dynamic counterparts of
`configure/setMockUrlResponse` (`configureDynamicResponses/setDynamicMockUrlResponse`) along with
a slightly modified config object that has `response` and `dynamicResponseModFn` fields:

```javascript
const myApiUrl = 'https://example.com/someApi/1';

import MockRequests from 'mock-requests';

const myMockResponse = {
    data: ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e'],
    value: 7
};
const dynamicConfig1 = {
    [myApiUrl]: {
        // The desired response is now nested inside the `response` property
        response: myMockResponse,
        // The dynamicResponseModFn takes in the request and previous
        // response as arguments to produce the new response.
        // The new response **must** be returned from this function.
        // Feel free to modify the response parameter as it will be deep-copied later
        dynamicResponseModFn: (request, response) => {
            // You can mix both request and response data to generate new response
            response.data = response.data.concat(request.addLettersArray);
            response.value += request.valueModification;

            return response; // is actually now the new response
        }
    }
};
MockRequests.configureDynamicResponses(dynamicConfig1);

// ... whatever other file you call `fetch` in

const payload = {
    addLettersArray: ['f', 'g'],
    valueModification: 5
};
const myDynamicallyModifiedResponse = await fetch(myApiUrl, {
    body: JSON.stringify(payload)
}).then(res => res.json());
console.log(myDynamicallyModifiedResponse)
/* Will output
{
    data: ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e', 'f', 'g'],
    value: 12
};
*/
```

There is also a `delay` option you can use if you want to mimic network delays:

```javascript
MockRequests.setDynamicMockUrlResponse(myApiUrl, {    // or configureDynamicResponses
    response: myMockResponse,
    dynamicResponseModFn: (req, res) => {/*...*/},
    delay: 1500   // will make fetch take 1.5 seconds to resolve myApiUrl
});
```

Because the configuration/setter functions take in a simple url-response mapping,
using different mocks at different times becomes incredibly user-friendly. For example,
a particularly great use case for this library would be if your data changes based on
which user is logged in. In this case, after defining each user's mock responses, you
could nest them in a single `loginMocks` object and simply choose which login to use:

```javascript
const bobMocks = {
    [homepageUrl]: bobHomepageMock,
    [friendsUrl]: bobFriendsMock
};
const aliceMocks = {
    [homepageUrl]: aliceHomepageMock,
    [friendsUrl]: aliceFriendsMock
};
const loginMocks = {
    bob: bobMocks,
    alice: aliceMocks
};
// Today, I want to be Alice
MockRequests.configure(loginMocks.alice);
// no, wait, I'll be Bob instead
MockRequests.configure(loginMocks.bob);
```

<a name="separate-from-source"></a>
## Separating mocks from source code

To avoid packaging the mocks and `MockRequests` along with your source code, you can simply move your
mock files to a separate folder and add a few extra lines to your `webpack.config.js` file. For example, if we have
the setup:

```
MyApp
├─── src/
|   ├─── (... source code)
├─── mocks/
|   ├─── MockConfig.js
|   ├─── (... other mock files imported by MockConfig.js)
```

where `MockConfig.js` does all the `mock-requests` configuration, e.g.

```javascript
import MockRequests from 'mock-requests';
// Imports from mocks/ directory
import { myStaticApiUrl, myDynamicApiUrl } from './Urls';
import { myStaticApiResponse } from './StaticResponses';
import { myDynamicApiConfig } from './DynamicResponseConfigs';

MockRequests.setMockUrlResponse(myStaticApiUrl, myStaticApiResponse);
MockRequests.setDynamicMockUrlResponse(myDynamicApiUrl, myDynamicApiConfig);
```

and your original `webpack.config.js` looked something similar to:

```javascript
var srcDir = path.resolve(__dirname, 'src');
var entryFiles = [ srcDir + '/index.js' ];
var includeDir = [ srcDir ];

module.exports = {
    entry: entryFiles,
    module: {
        rules: [
            {
                test: /\.jsx?$/,
                include: includeDir,
                exclude: /node_modules/,
                loader: 'babel-loader'
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

then all you would need to add to your `webpack.config.js` file would be something akin to:

```javascript
if (process.env.MOCK === 'true') {
    var mockDir = path.resolve(__dirname, 'mocks');
    var mockEntryFiles = mockDir + '/MockConfig.js';

    // Update entry field and babel-loader's include field
    entryFiles.push(mockEntryFiles);
    includeDir.push(mockDir);
    console.log('Network mocks activated by MockRequests\n');
}
```

and run using `MOCK=true npm start`.

Doing so will have the net effect of loading the `mocks` directory with `babel-loader` and including
`MockConfig.js` as entry code to be loaded in the browser only during development. This way, all
mock-related code will be prevented from going into production.

<a name="api"></a>
## MockRequests API

In order to make mocking your network calls simpler, config functions have been added to allow for
setting, getting, and deleting mock responses for your network calls. These are described at length
in the [JSDoc](https://d-pow.github.io/MockRequests/module-mock-requests-MockRequests.html).

##### configure(staticUrlResponseConfigObject, overwritePreviousConfig = true)
##### configureDynamicResponses(dynamicUrlResponseConfigObject, overwritePreviousConfig = true)
##### setMockUrlResponse(url, staticMockResponseObject)
##### setDynamicMockUrlResponse(url, dynamicMockResponseObject)
##### getResponse(url)
##### deleteMockUrlResponse(urlNotMeantToBeMocked)
##### clearAllMocks()
##### mapStaticConfigToDynamic(staticConfig)
##### OriginalXHR()
##### originalFetch()

Note that `OriginalXHR` and `originalFetch` will use the original `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` respectively,
regardless of if you've set the mock URL responses in `MockRequests.configure()` or `MockRequests.setMockUrlResponse(...)`.
It will also use `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` regardless of if the browser supports them or not (will be `undefined` in
cases where the browser doesn't support them).

<a name="final-notes"></a>
## Final notes

This mocks the usage of `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` such that the response is always valid.
This means that, in particular for `XMLHttpRequest`, the following instance attributes are always
set:

```javascript
xhr.readyState = 4;
xhr.response = mockedResponse;
xhr.responseText = stringVersionOf(mockedResponse); // either JSON.stringify(mockedResponse) or `${mockedResponse}`
xhr.responseUrl = urlPassedInXhrOpenMethod;
xhr.status = 200;
xhr.statusText = 'OK';
xhr.timeout = 0;
```

If you want to change any of these, feel free to do so within `xhr.onreadystatechange`.

<a name="license"></a>
## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add explicit link to demo

ReadMe.md, after:

# MockRequests

[![build status](https://travis-ci.org/D-Pow/MockRequests.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/D-Pow/MockRequests)
[![coverage status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/D-Pow/MockRequests/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/D-Pow/MockRequests?branch=master)
[![install size](https://packagephobia.now.sh/badge?p=mock-requests)](https://packagephobia.now.sh/result?p=mock-requests)

Mocks async requests with mock responses so you can continue
to use your requests/libraries without having to manually replace the
usage of async functions with mocks.

## Contents

* [Features](#features)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Examples](#examples)
    * [Static responses](#example-static)
    * [Dynamic responses](#example-dynamic)
* [Separating mocks from source](#separate-from-source)
* [MockRequests API](#api)
* [Final notes](#final-notes)
* [License](#license)

<a name="features"></a>
## Features

This library was made for the purpose of allowing developers to be able to
continue to write their code as normal even when their APIs are down, not set up yet, or
don't have internet at all.
In particular, most other network-mocking libraries are not user friendly in that they
**force users to re-write** their source code to use mocks and then **change it back later** in order
to use real network requests. This library differs from all the others in that it allows
you to continue writing code **as normal** while still using mock network activity.

Specific benefits provided by this library that aren't offered in others:
* You don't have to replace your usage of async calls with mocks.
This means no more replacing `fetch` with `Promise.resolve(desiredResponse)`!
* You don't have to do any painful configuration, such as running your own server, to host mock data.
This also means no need to change URLs from `website.com/api` to `localhost/api`.
* No confusing interfaces or multi-step procedures to getting started. Simply configure it *once* and you're good to go.
* This is designed to work along with third-party libraries, including [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios),
so they function as normal while still giving you the mocks you want.
* This can easily be used alongside `jest` for testing! As long as `fetch` and `XMLHttpRequest` are defined in
a test setup file, you can use this library as normal to mock all async responses.
* **Dynamically update mock responses** based on request payloads and the previous mock response object in order to
mimic back-end alterations of data.
* Configurable outside the src folder such that the **mock code isn't bundled with production code**.
* Customizable mock response resolution delay to **mimic natural network interactions**.

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation

Using npm (see the [npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mock-requests)):

`npm i -D mock-requests`

Using locally installed repo with git:

`git clone <this repo>`

package.json:

`"mock-requests": "file:<pathToCloneLocation>/MockRequests`

<a name="usage"></a>
## Usage

API docs can be viewed in the JSDoc [here](https://d-pow.github.io/MockRequests/module-mock-requests-MockRequests.html) along with
a [live demo](https://d-pow.github.io/MockRequests/demo/).

This library wraps `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` with a wrapper that allows
for mock responses to be returned instead of actually making async requests.
If a URL is configured with a mock response, then `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` will
return the configured mock response when opened with that URL. Otherwise, when opened
with a URL that isn't configured with a mock response, the standard async request is made.

This was designed to be used in such a way that wherever you configure it, the entire app
experiences the effects. This means you could configure it in one file and then all files
that make async requests to those configured URLs will receive the mock responses instead,
even without importing `MockRequests`.

Furthermore, it is designed to be used specifically when some APIs are not functioning correctly
and mocks are necessary to replace those responses for continuing your work. In this regard,
it is also great to use when the back-end API is still being developed but you want to work on the
front-end, or when you don't have internet at all but still need to get work done.

This library also supports **dynamic responses** so that you can mimic the actions of your back-end
services. Simply add dynamic-update functions to your config and call `MockRequests`'s dynamic
configuration functions, and everything else flows as normal.

<a name="examples"></a>
## Examples

Note how in the below examples, the production-bound code doesn't change between
mocking and using network calls.

<a name="example-static"></a>
### Static responses

To configure global app usage of `MockRequests`, simply call `configure()` with an object containing URL-responseObject
mappings.

```javascript
const myApiUrl = 'https://mywebsite.com/api/vx/someApi';
const anotherUrl = '192.168.0.1';

// This is the only code you need to add to use this library
// Add in the file described by "Separating mocks from source
// code" below
import MockRequests from 'mock-requests';
MockRequests.configure({
    [myApiUrl]: { data: 'myJsonResponseObject' },
    [anotherUrl]: '<html>some other type of response</html>'
});

// ...source code

// Using your async requests.
// Note that this part DOESN'T CHANGE between using mocks and actual data
// from your service
const mockedHtmlResponse = await fetch(myApiUrl, {...configOptions})
                                .then(res => res.json());
useResponseContentAsNormal(mockedHtmlResponse);
```

Alternatively, you could configure URL-response content individually:

```javascript
const myApi = 'https://myotherapi.thatIforgotOriginally/api/vx/doStuff';

import MockRequests from 'mock-requests';
MockRequests.setMockUrlResponse(myApi, { data: 'myOtherResponse' });

// ...source code

const response = await fetch(myApi, {...whateverOptions});

useResponseContent(response);
```

In the event that some APIs are not functioning correctly but others are, you can configure
the non-functioning APIs using `MockRequests` and then leave the other APIs as-is for proper responses:

```javascript
const myNonFunctioningApi = 'https://myapi.com/api/vx/notFunctioningRightNow';
const myFunctioningApi = 'https://myapi.com/api/vx/isFunctioningProperly';

MockRequests.setMockUrlResponse(myNonFunctioningApi, { data: 'myOtherResponse' });

// ...

// Will receive mock
const mockedResponse = await fetch(myNonFunctioningApi, {...whateverOptions});
// Will receive actual API response
const realApiResponse = await fetch(myFunctioningApi, {...whateverOptions});

useResponseContent(mockedResponse);
useResponseContent(realApiResponse);
```

<a name="example-dynamic"></a>
### Dynamic responses

This library also supports dynamically updating your mocked APIs responses, so as to mimic actual
back-end systems. To utilize this feature, you'll need to call the dynamic counterparts of
`configure/setMockUrlResponse` (`configureDynamicResponses/setDynamicMockUrlResponse`) along with
a slightly modified config object that has `response` and `dynamicResponseModFn` fields:

```javascript
const myApiUrl = 'https://example.com/someApi/1';

import MockRequests from 'mock-requests';

const myMockResponse = {
    data: ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e'],
    value: 7
};
const dynamicConfig1 = {
    [myApiUrl]: {
        // The desired response is now nested inside the `response` property
        response: myMockResponse,
        // The dynamicResponseModFn takes in the request and previous
        // response as arguments to produce the new response.
        // The new response **must** be returned from this function.
        // Feel free to modify the response parameter as it will be deep-copied later
        dynamicResponseModFn: (request, response) => {
            // You can mix both request and response data to generate new response
            response.data = response.data.concat(request.addLettersArray);
            response.value += request.valueModification;

            return response; // is actually now the new response
        }
    }
};
MockRequests.configureDynamicResponses(dynamicConfig1);

// ... whatever other file you call `fetch` in

const payload = {
    addLettersArray: ['f', 'g'],
    valueModification: 5
};
const myDynamicallyModifiedResponse = await fetch(myApiUrl, {
    body: JSON.stringify(payload)
}).then(res => res.json());
console.log(myDynamicallyModifiedResponse)
/* Will output
{
    data: ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e', 'f', 'g'],
    value: 12
};
*/
```

There is also a `delay` option you can use if you want to mimic network delays:

```javascript
MockRequests.setDynamicMockUrlResponse(myApiUrl, {    // or configureDynamicResponses
    response: myMockResponse,
    dynamicResponseModFn: (req, res) => {/*...*/},
    delay: 1500   // will make fetch take 1.5 seconds to resolve myApiUrl
});
```

Because the configuration/setter functions take in a simple url-response mapping,
using different mocks at different times becomes incredibly user-friendly. For example,
a particularly great use case for this library would be if your data changes based on
which user is logged in. In this case, after defining each user's mock responses, you
could nest them in a single `loginMocks` object and simply choose which login to use:

```javascript
const bobMocks = {
    [homepageUrl]: bobHomepageMock,
    [friendsUrl]: bobFriendsMock
};
const aliceMocks = {
    [homepageUrl]: aliceHomepageMock,
    [friendsUrl]: aliceFriendsMock
};
const loginMocks = {
    bob: bobMocks,
    alice: aliceMocks
};
// Today, I want to be Alice
MockRequests.configure(loginMocks.alice);
// no, wait, I'll be Bob instead
MockRequests.configure(loginMocks.bob);
```

<a name="separate-from-source"></a>
## Separating mocks from source code

To avoid packaging the mocks and `MockRequests` along with your source code, you can simply move your
mock files to a separate folder and add a few extra lines to your `webpack.config.js` file. For example, if we have
the setup:

```
MyApp
├─── src/
|   ├─── (... source code)
├─── mocks/
|   ├─── MockConfig.js
|   ├─── (... other mock files imported by MockConfig.js)
```

where `MockConfig.js` does all the `mock-requests` configuration, e.g.

```javascript
import MockRequests from 'mock-requests';
// Imports from mocks/ directory
import { myStaticApiUrl, myDynamicApiUrl } from './Urls';
import { myStaticApiResponse } from './StaticResponses';
import { myDynamicApiConfig } from './DynamicResponseConfigs';

MockRequests.setMockUrlResponse(myStaticApiUrl, myStaticApiResponse);
MockRequests.setDynamicMockUrlResponse(myDynamicApiUrl, myDynamicApiConfig);
```

and your original `webpack.config.js` looked something similar to:

```javascript
var srcDir = path.resolve(__dirname, 'src');
var entryFiles = [ srcDir + '/index.js' ];
var includeDir = [ srcDir ];

module.exports = {
    entry: entryFiles,
    module: {
        rules: [
            {
                test: /\.jsx?$/,
                include: includeDir,
                exclude: /node_modules/,
                loader: 'babel-loader'
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

then all you would need to add to your `webpack.config.js` file would be something akin to:

```javascript
if (process.env.MOCK === 'true') {
    var mockDir = path.resolve(__dirname, 'mocks');
    var mockEntryFiles = mockDir + '/MockConfig.js';

    // Update entry field and babel-loader's include field
    entryFiles.push(mockEntryFiles);
    includeDir.push(mockDir);
    console.log('Network mocks activated by MockRequests\n');
}
```

and run using `MOCK=true npm start`.

Doing so will have the net effect of loading the `mocks` directory with `babel-loader` and including
`MockConfig.js` as entry code to be loaded in the browser only during development. This way, all
mock-related code will be prevented from going into production.

<a name="api"></a>
## MockRequests API

In order to make mocking your network calls simpler, config functions have been added to allow for
setting, getting, and deleting mock responses for your network calls. These are described at length
in the [JSDoc](https://d-pow.github.io/MockRequests/module-mock-requests-MockRequests.html).

##### configure(staticUrlResponseConfigObject, overwritePreviousConfig = true)
##### configureDynamicResponses(dynamicUrlResponseConfigObject, overwritePreviousConfig = true)
##### setMockUrlResponse(url, staticMockResponseObject)
##### setDynamicMockUrlResponse(url, dynamicMockResponseObject)
##### getResponse(url)
##### deleteMockUrlResponse(urlNotMeantToBeMocked)
##### clearAllMocks()
##### mapStaticConfigToDynamic(staticConfig)
##### OriginalXHR()
##### originalFetch()

Note that `OriginalXHR` and `originalFetch` will use the original `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` respectively,
regardless of if you've set the mock URL responses in `MockRequests.configure()` or `MockRequests.setMockUrlResponse(...)`.
It will also use `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` regardless of if the browser supports them or not (will be `undefined` in
cases where the browser doesn't support them).

<a name="final-notes"></a>
## Final notes

This mocks the usage of `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` such that the response is always valid.
This means that, in particular for `XMLHttpRequest`, the following instance attributes are always
set:

```javascript
xhr.readyState = 4;
xhr.response = mockedResponse;
xhr.responseText = stringVersionOf(mockedResponse); // either JSON.stringify(mockedResponse) or `${mockedResponse}`
xhr.responseUrl = urlPassedInXhrOpenMethod;
xhr.status = 200;
xhr.statusText = 'OK';
xhr.timeout = 0;
```

If you want to change any of these, feel free to do so within `xhr.onreadystatechange`.

<a name="license"></a>
## License

MIT
